     Appraise is now the same thing as examine.  The appraise skill gives the 
user more info than is revealed without the skill.  Mages can also examine    
some of the magic effects on items.  These changes reflect the desire to go to
a somewhat less revealing but more colorful system.  To examine magical       
effects, mages must practice the EXAMINE WARDS skill.  EXAMINE will no longer 
show the contents of an item (this may be changed back).  Use LOOK IN item for
now (the same basic effect).                                                  
     Delays should now work better than previously.  Mobiles should now be    
delayed properly as well (at least as a result of a player bash ... their own 
routines may not set delays).                                                 
     Players may now sacrifice items at their chosen temple to restore all or 
part of their chosen alignment.  They can now enter their chosen temple only, 
and will always be able to enter it.  Use the SACRIFICE command to sacrifice  
an object.  The object must be magical and the more powerful the better.      
     The weapon and magic systems have undergone intensive work.  The info is 
quite lengthy and was moved to news.                                          
                                                                              
Prioritized commands now require being toggled on to work (via the PRIORITY   
command), and some commands (namely flee at this point) will clear the rest of
the stacked commands after taking effect.

COMING EVENTUALLY:
     Eventually, a new law system will be put into effect, and we'll be
chucking the old chosen system.  The new law system will attempt to strike a
balance between having the ability to do whatever you want with your
character and avoiding multiple killing, etc.  If such a system goes in, you
can expect towns to be fairly safe areas and for penalties for being caught
to be fairly harsh.  This along with your own ability to band together to
defeat an opponent.  Not everyone likes a violent mud.  You aren't expected
to like it.  Just realize that there will be a potential for bloodshed.  In
the same manner you probably don't approve of it in real life, but know that
it can happen.

IMPORTANT NEW STUFF:
     Antis are now in.  Mages will find it difficult to cast around the
presence of large amounts of iron (and alloys) on their persons and thieves
will find it hard to use stealth skills while using a lot of equipped metal.
In addition, the way spells work has changed dramatically.  Mage spells work
very similarly, but cleric spells now use a seperate pool (the mage energy is
now called power, and clerical energy is called mana).  Clerics regain mana
very slowly unless PRAYing.  In addition, mana regain for clerics is even
faster if they are praying in the temple of their chosen alignment.  Clerics
will also find that they can not cast spells if out of alignment from their
chosen one.  During the initial period, this means a lot of you may need to
change alignment.  If I have time, I'll try setting you to your chosen
alignment (only once ... it's your responsibility to keep it after that).  In
your PROMPT, use %m/%M for mana/max mana and %p/%P for power/max power.
     Next, proficiencies are in.  To view the proficiencies for your class,
use the PROFICIENCIES command (abbreviatable, of course).  Your current
proficiencies can be viewed under practice.  In addition, you practice
proficiencies just like any other skill.  If you don't have proficiency in a
weapon, you will use it at a severe penalty.  In addition, you can now wield
two weapons.  Only classes with the DUAL WIELD skill can use two weapons with
any degree of success.  In addition, how well you use your secondary weapon
is affected by this skill.  Extra attacks for most classes have been reduced,
to compensate for this change.  In addition, weapons are now one-handed and
two-handed, and take up the appropriate number of hands.  If you are not a
new character, you will need to practice at least one proficiency before
entering into armed combat.
     Finally, volumes were modified somewhat stringently to accomodate for
what I perceived as too many overladen characters.  If you have reasonable
problems (your character can't carry a canoe, for instance, or a particular
item seems to be too big) let me (Scarrow) know.  Don't ask that limits be
raised because your character can't carry nine bags and three suits of plate.
Size of character is still factored in (although not a main factor).
     Your serious input is desired on all of the above.  I will not
rationally listen to arguments such as "xxx class is more powerful than my
class now", "we need xxx to survive", etc.  Input that is valued is: "xxx is
probably too big, as in real life it would be about, oh, yyy lbs.?", "as an
xxx, it would probably make sense if we had capability yyy", or serious bug
reports.  It would be interesting (albeit rare) to actually hear of cases
where you think the errors are in your favor.  Don't expect things to be
balanced, as we've made a lot of changes and it will take some time to
accurately guage the results.  Things may be too easy for some and too harsh
for others as things stand.

