
0
{
  name { The Hall of Rules }
  desc {
"   These rules will hopefully make my philosophy on Immortal behavior
perfectly clear:
   Do NOT help mortals beyond a limited, and trivial nature.  
   Do NOT give them items, or statistics on ANYTHING.
   Do NOT assist mortals in their adventures.
Do's
   Do feel free to give out ADVICE.
   Do feel free to make quests of less than 10k's worth of reward (gold).
	(per person)
   Do feel free to add color with possessed monsters.  
   Do feel free to make monsters more intelligent opponents.
   Do feel free to penalize players for being assholes.
   Do feel free to help in EXTREMELY unusual circumstances.

Demand Payment for ->
   Casting spells on mortals.  3-5k per level of spell.  Cast no spell on
      a mortal that is of higher level than they are.
   Retrieving corpses.  The more money they have, the more money you 
      should charge.  Charge A LOT!.
   Stating Items -- if you really want to stat an item for mortals,
       charge then 7k per item. (as if you were an improved Identify scroll) 

If there are any situations that you are not sure about, follow this
rule:
	Don't Interfere in ANY meaningful way, without taking as much,
if not MORE than you give.
	
  }
  flags { indoors }
}

1
{
  name { Godly Duties }
  desc {
"   These duties are not all-encompassing.. if you go above and beyond the call
   of duty, this shows that you probably deserve more authority.

   51 -- have no explicit duties.  Helpful (to the game) behavior can and
         will be rewarded.  Feel free to dispense advice, and set up quests,
         although the quests need to be somewhat limited in rewards.  If you 
         have any doubts about whether the item is too powerful for the quest,
         ask another god.  You might also consider trying to resolve conflicts
         between players, although this is not "expected", just "appreciated"
  
   52 -- Duties:  Restorations, general public relations.  Obviously, this is
	 not meant to be a full-time job, however, if you are on, and can be
         of assistance, please lend a hand.  Public relations means taking
         suggestions from the players, informing players of changes, fixing
         broken shopkeepers, purging aggressive monsters found in the city,
         i.e. basic maintenance of a happy environment :-)

   53 -- Duties:  Resolution of conflicts, between lower level gods, and 
         between gods and players.  Watching for (and stopping/reporting) 
         cheating.  Removal of 'innapropriate' items (i.e. items from 
         unimplemented areas).  (and buggy items too.)
         Remember, your decisions are more or less final, so make an effort
         to be sure that the actions/decisions are appropriate.

   54 -- Demotion and promotion of gods.  Write new duties and rules :-)

   (implementors) :  Maintain a happy, easygoing mud.  Let the lower level gods
         run the day to day operations of the game.
  }
}

2
{
  name { More General Guidelines }
  desc {
"   
   Try to avoid helping your friends (who are not gods) unnecessarily.  While
it is difficult, if you do not cut this back, Silly will have a reputation of
being a mud where only people who already know gods can succeed. (if it does
not have this reputation already).  A little help is tolerable (ex: loading
a torch for someone), but try to restrain yourself in general.

   Don't bring aggressive mobiles into the city. Period.  Just say no.
 
   PLEASE tell the high level gods about things which you think should
   be fixed.  I am willing to make changes, but we need to know.

   More as i think of them. (or you suggest them)
  }
}
